docs(tip-1096): allow only full block batches and specify events (#7235)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1096.md

header-only block, and leadership changes within or after its imported range do
not affect its validity.

> A header-only chain is authorized only as part of a batch ending in a full block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A header-only chain is authorized only as part of a batch that ends with a block that calls `advanceTempo()` to process incoming queues and does not contain any further `advanceTempoHeaders()` calls that aren't followed by an `advanceTempo()` call.
```

## Batch Settlement

> Every settleable batch MUST end in a full block. A batch containing only

Author: this is ok, we want an unbounded number of imported L1 headers per batch

(`type(uint256).max`), the unchanged `nextProcessedDepositQueueHash`, the newly
settled `nextBlockHash`, `withdrawalQueueHash = bytes32(0)`, and the unchanged
`lastProcessedDepositNumber` and `lastProcessedEnabledTokenCount`.

`NO_QUEUE_INDEX` means that the settlement created no withdrawal queue entry.
Consumers MUST NOT create or overwrite a withdrawal queue record for such an
event. `withdrawalBatchIndex` is a withdrawal-batch cursor and MAY repeat across
header-only events; consumers MUST NOT use it as a unique event identifier or
withdrawal queue key.

Before the coordinated T11/Z1 activation, `TempoAdvanced` and `BatchSubmitted`
retain their legacy signatures without `lastProcessedEnabledTokenCount`.
Because appending a field changes an event's signature hash, indexers and
settlement tooling that span the activation boundary MUST recognize both the
legacy and post-activation signatures and select the decoder by topic.

No other event signature changes. `advanceTempoHeaders` emits no
`TempoAdvanced`; its only checkpoint event is the existing single
`TempoBlockFinalized` for the final imported header. A header-only block emits

> no `BatchFinalized`, while settlement of a header-only batch still emits the

Author: correct find, but an implementation detail
